README.md, before:

5/3/1 planner.
===

This is a repository for source code of Jim Wendler's "5/3/1" strength program planning web application.

I was tired of spending too much time on the calculations of my mesocycle using my calculator and excel. 
So I built this application that helped me planning out my "5/3/1" mesocycles. 
You may use it or not - I don't give a fuck.
You may contribute to it or not - I don't give a fuck. 

Application is built using: 
  - ASP.NET MVC 5 - http://www.asp.net/vnext/overview/aspnet-mvc
  - Angular JS - http://angularjs.org/,
  - Bootstrap - http://getbootstrap.com/,
  - Angular local storage - https://github.com/grevory/angular-local-storage
  - "5/3/1" 2nd edition book by Jim Wendler - http://store.jimwendler.com/ProductDetails.asp?ProductCode=5312edebook

Chrome extension does not use asp.net MVC and uses plain html instead. 
Local storage is not available for chrome extension because of the sandboxing -> dependancy on angular.

Disclaimer:
I do not own "5/3/1" logo and the "5/3/1" program itself. All rights belong to their rightful owners.

Visit http://jimwendler.com/ to get your copy of "5/3/1" e-book and support the man behind "5/3/1".

This software is free.

Commit message:

Chrome extension download address added.

README.md, after:

5/3/1 planner.
===

This is a repository for source code of Jim Wendler's "5/3/1" strength program planning web application.

I was tired of spending too much time on the calculations of my mesocycle using my calculator and excel. 
So I built this application that helped me planning out my "5/3/1" mesocycles. 
You may use it or not - I don't give a fuck.
You may contribute to it or not - I don't give a fuck. 

Application is built using: 
  - ASP.NET MVC 5 - http://www.asp.net/vnext/overview/aspnet-mvc
  - Angular JS - http://angularjs.org/,
  - Bootstrap - http://getbootstrap.com/,
  - Angular local storage - https://github.com/grevory/angular-local-storage
  - "5/3/1" 2nd edition book by Jim Wendler - http://store.jimwendler.com/ProductDetails.asp?ProductCode=5312edebook

Chrome extension does not use asp.net MVC and uses plain html instead. 
Local storage is not available for chrome extension because of the sandboxing -> dependancy on angular.
You can download extension from Chrome web store here - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/531-planner/aeaclelajhamgcmngdjlnpjjkggbcbbh

Disclaimer:
I do not own "5/3/1" logo and the "5/3/1" program itself. All rights belong to their rightful owners.

Visit http://jimwendler.com/ to get your copy of "5/3/1" e-book and support the man behind "5/3/1".

This software is free.
